Good afternoon hello Andriy Popik Good afternoon And where are you from Chicago 10 Because I look behind the flag Yes, someone put it like that and it’s very nice you are for Ukraine As I understand it, yes, I’m a normal person, you know it on purpose so that trolls become there I don’t I’m getting to this I’m bending over like this so that you can’t see it, you understand I’m just now streaming I’m already looking for I just now heard your stream by a woman from the bombass, it’s not she’s from Saratov she’s from Russia That’s just we are on the stream you can have us today already at the end of the film, you can wish something to people who watch Stream Ukraine tikka overcome patience Freedom Ukraine And we the word of God in our Ukrainian diaspora Roma gave you eyebrows and Crimea Patriots that there were such Tanks and that you are angry with him in my thoughts to rockets 300 kilometers minimum so that a newcomer And the Russians have something to shoot at their friends and Kyiv I am Nikolai Decla I want the Russians to be and Sasha shaggy is already afraid of
she just needs something for a newcomer. I’m guilty that I can be a Ukrainian counselor with a pair of legs and patience, I’ll specifically say in Russian so that people who watch us, for example, from Kazakhstan, can hear, and then you want to turn on one video like in Kyiv yesterday during the shelling people from this high-rise building shouted there what kind of mood it was [applause] [music] [applause] there I was very impressed by this video, I specially hear in Russian people from other countries who are listening to us also heard and you will recognize that shelling is going on, you can see the glow like that and people are screaming like Putin, this nation is no longer worth it, I don’t know what the Russians want there if we didn’t break the first weeks, so then February, then now it’s already simple Well, it’s funny, that’s why I believe that we will win, they will suffer for a long time to warm up the etiquette of Ukrainians, the Russians won’t understand and glory God, and they just need to be defeated by military means, and that’s all, so that the souls of you for crushing the reception room are already crushed.  can and dates ruhat go all
diaspora on the right so that everything is beautiful for us here